nestorsaavedra ðŸ¦Š blue-green >> kubectl get pods --all-namespaces
NAMESPACE     NAME                                  READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
kube-system   aws-node-t5rzn                        1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   aws-node-tx52v                        1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   aws-node-wpbbg                        1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   aws-node-wqmfz                        1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   aws-node-ww8f4                        1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   coredns-8fd4db68f-5jm9l               1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   coredns-8fd4db68f-7fln4               1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   kube-proxy-2fpcg                      1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   kube-proxy-ffqp2                      1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   kube-proxy-jnx86                      1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   kube-proxy-ssqgx                      1/1     Running   0          10h
kube-system   kube-proxy-zpb47                      1/1     Running   0          10h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-8hzfh   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-9dvnm   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-cmxzg   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-f2v5l   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-f88xv   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-k6lgf   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-lv8kg   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-nkkcg   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-p5cw2   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-p9mgs   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-ql7xl   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-th8bv   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-vrpbh   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-wwmjm   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-zghbh   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-zvpz7   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       bloaty-mcbloatface-7d7b64c65d-zw85p   1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       blue-756d6cc6c9-9b79w                 1/1     Running   0          10h
udacity       blue-756d6cc6c9-n2bpc                 1/1     Running   0          10h
udacity       blue-756d6cc6c9-wdw5z                 1/1     Running   0          10h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-254gp            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-2ctpx            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-2rh45            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-68w4k            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-8vgb7            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-dv6kb            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-g55gv            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-j2bxt            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-lfdhq            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-nphfr            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-nzqws            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       canary-v2-6bdbfc4f4b-zcbzr            1/1     Running   0          8h
udacity       green-6dbbc7db7c-8jtrh                1/1     Running   0          10h
udacity       green-6dbbc7db7c-r6w2l                1/1     Running   0          10h
udacity       green-6dbbc7db7c-v9h69                1/1     Running   0          10h
udacity       hello-world-bd9cf44f8-tspfq           1/1     Running   0          10h